oh I have night and I do not want to
What is your doubt because the flag of the
Brazil's green and yellow Grantur s what
think of Brazil flag that rebeca
put the flag on the window is bad come
there is here what makes a flag with the
symbol of the brazilian flag
is green and yellow and white and does not know
neither me nor a star on the flag of
Brazil
Yeda has something funny right?
written on the flag is this
will anyone be able to explain the
tragedy in the river to pre-know more about
flag of our country
I came here to talk to the teacher.
Angelo It's good that you're alright away.
with you all great
Do you know what the flags are for?
the flags
I do not know, so I know that
state flag né has flag of the
the country's football team also in
same team
in fact the flags are symbols
these symbols represent many nations
times states and even entities
I do not know if you have already repaired but every
flag has a characteristic
different from the other
even because they chose these things for
the brazilian flag
good green represents the max marks already
We have lots of green space in our country.
yellow was chosen by our
mineral riches such as or already
blue represents sky and white brings
peace for our flag
in addition, in the sentence is written order and
progress
the stars represent the states of
Brazil and also the federal district
currently we have 27 stars in our
flag
if one day we have a new state
flag will win another star
oh I found our flag very
beautiful saw it is so mainly when
She is looking up, she knows.
the card is true she's very pretty
same
usually the flag stands high
only during the day one is it can only be
flown overnight
if you have very well lit in sign of
respect for our nation that not curious
If I left I did not know there I really liked it
This explains your market saw it again
Let's fight until you guys stay
All right, thanks.
who took over and until next year
Did you know you had to cost me 90 in
facebook for destinations search the
the next world